---
title: IPhone 14
date: 2022-05-27
category: ['Iphone']
thumbnail: /assets/img/services/iphone-14.jpg
naprawa_braku_obrazu: zapytaj
naprawa_oprogramowania: zapytaj
naprawa_pamieci_nan: zapytaj

naprawa_sensora_dot_projector: zapytaj

naprawa_ukladu_audio: zapytaj
naprawa_ukladu_dotyku: zapytaj
naprawa_ukladu_gsm_brak_sieci: zapytaj
naprawa_ukladu_ladowania: zapytaj
naprawa_ukladu_podswietlania: zapytaj
naprawa_wifi_bluetooth: zapytaj
naprawa_uszkodzonych_gniazd_ppc: zapytaj
naprawa_uszkodzonych_sciezek: zapytaj
naprawa_wibracji: zapytaj
naprawa_zalania: zapytaj
wymiana_baterii: zapytaj
wymiana_glosnika_audio: zapytaj
wymiana_glosnika_rozmow: zapytaj

wymiana_mikrofonu: zapytaj
wymiana_obudowy: 1zapytaj

wymiana_obudowy_oryginal: 1zapytaj

wymiana_przedniego_aparatu: zapytaj
wymiana_przyciskow_glosnosci: zapytaj
wymiana_tylnego_aparatu: zapytaj

wymiana_tylnej_klapki: zapytaj

wymiana_wyswietlacza: 1zapytaj
wymiana_zlacza_ladowania: zapytaj
---

